hey guys welcome back to flicks recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we're
covering 2008 iconic terror packed
monster mayhem known as cloverfield
before we start be sure to drop a like
leave a comment and of course subscribe
to flix recap if you dig the summary
alright let's get to it
rob hawkins is moving to japan for a new
job so his brother jason and jason's
girlfriend lily are throwing him a
surprise going away party in his
apartment in lower manhattan jason asks
their friend hud to record farewell
messages from everyone for rob
hud obliges going around recording
people's testimonials
hud's crush marlena also joins the party
and he records her testimonial too
later the man of the hour rob finally
shows up to his party he's thoroughly
surprised and grateful but is concerned
that his friend beth isn't there
beth finally arrives but she comes with
a guy named travis which clearly upsets
rob so when hud is recording beth's
farewell message rob confronts her about
bringing another guy to his farewell
party turns out rob and beth have been
best friends since college but they
slept together a few weeks ago which
made things a bit awkward between them
mortified after the confrontation beth
and travis leave the party
jason tells rob that he should go after
beth but in the middle of this
conversation their building is shaken up
by a huge tremor and the whole city goes
dark naturally everybody panics the
power soon comes back on and they all go
to the roof to check out what's
happening
within seconds they witness a huge
explosion at a distance an entire
building bursts into flames and the
burning debris that shot into the sky as
a result of the explosion falls on
nearby buildings including theirs thus
creating massive fires everywhere
panicked they rush downstairs and leave
the building to save themselves everyone
seems to be documenting the incident
including hud who has been recording
everything since the chaos began
soon skyscrapers are falling to the
ground like jenga towers
forcing everyone to take shelter in a
grocery store
but it's more than just falling
buildings there's something a giant
creature roaring and stomping outside
as they venture out of the store hud
claims that he saw the creature that was
doing this and may even have it on tape
since he was recording the whole time
but when he checks the camera the
recording from that day is all gone
marlena backs him up saying that she
also saw the creature eating people
anyway they're all instructed by police
officers at the scene to walk along
brooklyn bridge towards brooklyn
meanwhile rob receives a call from beth
and has to stop to hear her voice
clearly
jason who gets separated from the rest
of the party shouts out to ask lily why
they had stopped but he doesn't see the
hand of the monstrous creature coming at
him from above and gets crushed to death
there's no time to think and they all
have to run away with the crowd as the
bridge starts to collapse
lily is heartbroken as is rob
meanwhile mayhem surrounds them as
people start vandalizing shops
rob suddenly remembers that beth was
trying to say something on the phone but
his phone is dead and so he looks for a
spot to charge it
he goes into an electronics store and
hud lily and marlena who are now the
only ones still together from the party
follow him
on one of the tvs in the store they see
the footage of the creature walking
around the bridge
apparently the army has been assembled
to handle the situation in lower
manhattan and everyone else is being
evacuated
terrified by the footage of the creature
hud is begging rob to leave the
electronics store but rob wants to
listen to beth's voicemails first
because he senses that she may be hurt
and sure enough
beth needs his help because her
apartment wall fell over her and she's
unable to move
rob decides to go back to help her even
though hud and the others try to stop
him
but rob has already made up his mind and
lily wants to go with him to help out
in an attempt to stop them hud and
marlena end up following them too
but soon the creature makes another
horrifying appearance and the military
start firing at it the group starts
running and barely makes it past the
creature into a subway station
rob suggests that they should walk along
the tracks through the tunnels to reach
the area where beth lives
as they walk with the camera lighting
their way a rumble startles them they
see that rats are running away from
something which makes them panic
as rob turns the camera's night vision
mode on
they see terrifying giant insect-like
creatures running right at them they
start sprinting into the darkness but
the creatures are too fast one of them
attacks lily but rob and marlena fight
them off
they manage to get through a door and
keep the insects out but one of the
insects has bitten marlena pretty badly
rob thinks that the only way they may be
able to survive is if they go upstairs
and try to find a safe spot so they set
out and reach another platform
this is when they notice a very bright
light shining through one of the exits
they go in to investigate and realize
that the light was coming from a
makeshift military triage and control
center
the commanding officer asks a soldier to
have them checked up for injuries and
evacuated on a chopper
rob requests them to let him go help
beth but nobody thinks that's a good
idea
meanwhile marlena has started bleeding
from her eye and is now feeling dizzy
the officers notice this and panic when
they realize that she's been bitten they
say that she needs to be quarantined and
immediately take her to a different unit
but when they said quarantine what they
meant was murdered they apparently kill
her to contain whatever parasite that
bite may be spreading
rob lily and hud can't do anything as
they're literally dragged away by the
soldiers
one of them is willing to let them go to
save beth but he warns them that the
government is planning on initiating the
hammer down protocol which means that
they will bomb the entirety of manhattan
if their last attempt at killing the
creature doesn't work
he also tells them that the last
evacuation choppers leave at 6 00 am
so
rob lily and hud get to beth's
neighborhood only to find that her
building is leaning dangerously on
another upright one
they can't go directly to beth's place
because she lives on the 39th floor
hud suggests that they go to the roof of
the upright building and figure out a
way to cross over into beth's building
so they climb every flight of stairs to
reach the roof and somehow cross over
into beth's building
rob kicks down beth's apartment door and
finds her lying there unconscious
when rob calls out to her she regains
consciousness
they pull her out of the rubble and try
to stop her bleeding but the creature is
now heading towards their building they
hurriedly get out of the apartment get
back to the roof and cross over to the
upright building
they get out of the building and run
away from the creature towards the spot
where the evacuation chopper is
stationed but lily gets separated and
put into a different chopper from the
other three
rob hud and beth sight the creature from
their chopper and for a second it seems
like the missile is continuously being
dropped on it have finally managed to
kill it
but out of nowhere it leaps back towards
the sky and hits their chopper which
then plummets to the ground
hud's camera continues to record even
though they're all unconscious and it
can be heard on the radio in the chopper
that the military is initiating the
hammer down protocol in 15 minutes
because the creature is still alive
they regain consciousness soon and beth
and hud drag rob out of the chopper
since he's stuck they want to get away
from the area but hud remembers that he
forgot his camera
he comes back to get it without
realizing that the creature is right
behind him
out of sheer fear he freezes and the
creature attacks him
rob and beth try to save him but it's
too late
they take his camera and hide under a
bridge but they're not safe anywhere
the creatures coming towards them and
the army is about to bomb the entire
city helpless and distraught
they decide to stay put
as the film ends the bridge they're
hiding under is hit by a bomb and it's
suggested that they're both killed in
the explosion
this installation of the cloverfield
universe is much less of a story and
much more of a watch for the chaos kind
of flick be sure to drop a like if you
dug the summary and of course subscribe
to the channel so you don't miss the
next recap until next time